John 3:16,"For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.",
Romans 10:9,"If you declare with your mouth, 'Jesus is Lord,' and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.",
Ephesians 2:8-9,"For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God—not by works, so that no one can boast.",
Acts 4:12,"Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.",
Titus 3:5,"He saved us, not because of righteous things we had done, but because of his mercy. He saved us through the washing of rebirth and renewal by the Holy Spirit.",
1 John 5:11-12,"And this is the testimony: God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life.",
John 5:24,"Very truly I tell you, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life and will not be judged but has crossed over from death to life.",
2 Corinthians 5:21,"God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.",
Isaiah 53:6,"We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to our own way; and the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all.",
1 John 1:9,"If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.",
Acts 3:19,"Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord.",
Psalm 51:10,"Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.",
Luke 15:7,"I tell you that in the same way there will be more rejoicing in heaven over one sinner who repents than over ninety-nine righteous persons who do not need to repent.",
Proverbs 28:13,"Whoever conceals their sins does not prosper, but the one who confesses and renounces them finds mercy.",
John 14:6,"Jesus answered, 'I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.'",
Colossians 1:15-17,"The Son is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn over all creation. For in him all things were created: things in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or powers or rulers or authorities; all things have been created through him and for him.",
Hebrews 4:15,"For we do not have a high priest who is unable to empathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tempted in every way, just as we are—yet he did not sin.",
Matthew 1:21,"She will give birth to a son, and you are to give him the name Jesus, because he will save his people from their sins.",
Revelation 1:8,"I am the Alpha and the Omega,” says the Lord God, “who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty.”",
Hebrews 11:1,"Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.",
Proverbs 3:5-6,"Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.",
2 Corinthians 5:7,"For we live by faith, not by sight.",
Psalm 37:5,"Commit your way to the Lord; trust in him and he will do this.",
Mark 11:24,"Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.",
Matthew 28:19-20,"Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.",
Romans 1:16,"For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.",
Isaiah 6:8,"Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, 'Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?' And I said, 'Here am I. Send me!'",
2 Timothy 4:2,"Preach the word; be prepared in season and out of season; correct, rebuke and encourage—with great patience and careful instruction.",
1 Peter 3:15,"But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.",
Romans 5:8,"But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.",
Lamentations 3:22-23,"Because of the Lord’s great love we are not consumed, for his compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.",
Psalm 103:11-12,"For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is his love for those who fear him; as far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us.",
Micah 7:18-19,"Who is a God like you, who pardons sin and forgives the transgression of the remnant of his inheritance? You do not stay angry forever but delight to show mercy. You will again have compassion on us; you will tread our sins underfoot and hurl all our iniquities into the depths of the sea.",
2 Corinthians 5:17,"Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here!",
Galatians 2:20,"I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I now live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.",
Romans 12:1-2,"Therefore, I urge you, brothers and sisters, in view of God’s mercy, to offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God—this is your true and proper worship. Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.",
Ezekiel 36:26,"I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you; I will remove from you your heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh.",
Philippians 4:13,"I can do all this through him who gives me strength.",
Isaiah 40:31,"But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint.",
Psalm 23:1-4,"The Lord is my shepherd, I lack nothing. He makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he refreshes my soul. He guides me along the right paths for his name’s sake. Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.",
Romans 8:38-39,"For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.",
Joshua 1:9,"Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.",
Hebrews 10:23,"Let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess, for he who promised is faithful.",
Psalm 121:1-2,"I lift up my eyes to the mountains—where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth.",
John 11:25-26,"Jesus said to her, 'I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will live, even though they die; and whoever lives by believing in me will never die. Do you believe this?'",
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18,"Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.",
James 1:5,"If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to you.",
Psalm 46:1,"God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.",
John 8:36,"So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.",
Philippians 4:6-7,"Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.",
Romans 3:23,"For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.",
Isaiah 64:6,"All of us have become like one who is unclean, and all our righteous acts are like filthy rags; we all shrivel up like a leaf, and like the wind our sins sweep us away.",
Jeremiah 17:9,"The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. Who can understand it?",
Ecclesiastes 7:20,"Indeed, there is no one on earth who is righteous, no one who does what is right and never sins.",
Psalm 51:5,"Surely I was sinful at birth, sinful from the time my mother conceived me.",
Isaiah 53:5,"But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed.",
Ephesians 2:1-3,"As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world... Like the rest, we were by nature deserving of wrath.",
Romans 7:18,"For I know that good itself does not dwell in me, that is, in my sinful nature. For I have the desire to do what is good, but I cannot carry it out.",
Mark 7:21-23,"For it is from within, out of a person’s heart, that evil thoughts come—sexual immorality, theft, murder, adultery, greed, malice, deceit, lewdness, envy, slander, arrogance and folly. All these evils come from inside and defile a person.",
James 4:17,"If anyone, then, knows the good they ought to do and doesn’t do it, it is sin for them.",
1 Kings 8:46,"When they sin against you—for there is no one who does not sin—and you become angry with them and give them over to their enemies, who take them captive to their own lands, far away or near;",
Romans 6:23,"For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.",
Genesis 6:5,"The Lord saw how great the wickedness of the human race had become on the earth, and that every inclination of the thoughts of the human heart was only evil all the time.",
Psalm 14:2-3,"The Lord looks down from heaven on all mankind to see if there are any who understand, any who seek God. All have turned away, all have become corrupt; there is no one who does good, not even one.",
Hosea 14:1,"Return, Israel, to the Lord your God. Your sins have been your downfall!",
Matthew 9:13,"But go and learn what this means: ‘I desire mercy, not sacrifice.’ For I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners.",
1 John 3:4,"Everyone who sins breaks the law; in fact, sin is lawlessness.",
Galatians 3:22,"But Scripture has locked up everything under the control of sin, so that what was promised, being given through faith in Jesus Christ, might be given to those who believe.",
Isaiah 1:18,"Come now, let us settle the matter,” says the Lord. “Though your sins are like scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they are red as crimson, they shall be like wool.",
Luke 5:8,"When Simon Peter saw this, he fell at Jesus’ knees and said, 'Go away from me, Lord; I am a sinful man!'",
Romans 8:7,"The mind governed by the flesh is hostile to God; it does not submit to God’s law, nor can it do so.",
John 16:8,"When he comes, he will prove the world to be in the wrong about sin and righteousness and judgment.",
Isaiah 59:2,"But your iniquities have separated you from your God; your sins have hidden his face from you, so that he will not hear.",
Ezra 9:6,"I am too ashamed and disgraced, my God, to lift up my face to you, because our sins are higher than our heads and our guilt has reached to the heavens.",
Psalm 32:5,"Then I acknowledged my sin to you and did not cover up my iniquity. I said, 'I will confess my transgressions to the Lord.' And you forgave the guilt of my sin.",
Matthew 5:14-16,"You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden. Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl... let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.",
Mark 16:15,"He said to them, 'Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation.'",
Acts 1:8,"But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.",
Romans 10:14-15,"How, then, can they call on the one they have not believed in? And how can they believe in the one of whom they have not heard?... As it is written: 'How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news!'",
Isaiah 52:7,"How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of those who bring good news, who proclaim peace, who bring good tidings, who proclaim salvation, who say to Zion, 'Your God reigns!'",
2 Timothy 2:2,"And the things you have heard me say in the presence of many witnesses entrust to reliable people who will also be qualified to teach others.",
Psalm 96:3,"Declare his glory among the nations, his marvelous deeds among all peoples.",
1 Corinthians 9:22-23,"To the weak I became weak, to win the weak. I have become all things to all people so that by all possible means I might save some. I do all this for the sake of the gospel.",
John 20:21,"Again Jesus said, 'Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.'",
Daniel 12:3,"Those who are wise will shine like the brightness of the heavens, and those who lead many to righteousness, like the stars for ever and ever.",
Luke 24:47,"And repentance for the forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.",
Matthew 24:14,"And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.",
Psalm 67:2,"So that your ways may be known on earth, your salvation among all nations.",
Isaiah 49:6,"He says: 'It is too small a thing for you to be my servant to restore the tribes of Jacob... I will also make you a light for the Gentiles, that my salvation may reach to the ends of the earth.'",
Acts 13:47,"For this is what the Lord has commanded us: 'I have made you a light for the Gentiles, that you may bring salvation to the ends of the earth.'",
2 Corinthians 4:5,"For what we preach is not ourselves, but Jesus Christ as Lord, and ourselves as your servants for Jesus’ sake.",
1 Thessalonians 1:8,"The Lord’s message rang out from you not only in Macedonia and Achaia—your faith in God has become known everywhere.",
Luke 14:23,"Then the master told his servant, 'Go out to the roads and country lanes and compel them to come in, so that my house will be full.'",